hello i love this  i think this coding website is super 

neat i hope everything comes out good.

Anyways i have so many things and moments i have had where 

i knew i wanted to write it and tell you but either 

crumpled my letter or got it in a return. 

on thanksgiving i started going crazy. writing you things

but i was so manic i just threw them out i feel 

like i go into a space i shouldn't even be welcoming

you in i just get sad? i didn't do anything for thanksgiving i 

was home alone while my family went to my uncles. I don't really 

want to go on vacations anymore and i don't want 

to go to the one in match.

I feel like nobody else in my family even talks to

me or calls me or even knows me i didn't feel like going

i just painted whatever i thought of. i have been able

to paint something i like in such a long time

i've bought multiple canvases even larger then me 

but still can't think of anything 

i get really sad sometimes and start doing things

to hurt myself on purpose i don't know why i've

been like thag 

while i was at work someone vandilized my car popped two

of my tires tore my mirror and took the mirror with them

and pulled off my bumper. Chilis had no cameras 

i had to file a police report. argue with my dad

for hours even tho it wasn't my fault i had no

idea who did it or why or anything like that

i paid 500 for the deductible and 500 to toyota for fixing 

police report couldn't find anything and they 

we’re too lazy to send the finger prints on my car saying

excuses like they probably wouldn't show up clear

anyways. I have to pay my own school in like 2 days

i feel like all i do it woek all i think about all

the time

is more money and how bad i want it just like

3000 idk i applied for like a million grants and scholarships

my teacher is helping me model for this shoe company

he said my vive matches it perfectly and he's tje 

photographer for it and i already have some nikes

that they like, but i have to take headshots

i told them no i don't like pictures i my self they'll let

me do it without my face . 

I haven't taken a picture of myself or felt like me in so

long Idk what's happening to me i'm sorry everything

is always so sad. but at the same time i think my 

creativity and best thoughts come from when i'm sad 

and the story lines i write down to create a painting for them

are when im the most sad.  i like making sad stories behind my 

drawings, my mom doesn't though. She always tellis me not to go

with my original idea and gives me a better story or something

happier. I wish  i had another job that gave more money

quicker i hate going to two different

jobs and feeling like either or i'm making the same

for everything i have to pay

i never been worse w my dad honestly i have nothing with him

and he hates me it's horrible i hate it

i just want to move and leave 

I lost my punk 57 book somewhere and i was on the last chaotwr

wirj my favorite book mark.  i haven't found it una. while.

i think about you a lot. i think it makes me so depressed and 

sad to think about you or look through things of you and social 

media i don't know why but it instantly makes me cry when 

i read how u write bout me i feel like i have no idea

who that is and you don't really even know me or like me

it's like i don't know how you are even expressing this love

or affection for someone and me idk i can't imagine you really sitting don

and wondering what i'm doing and what im feeling enough

to send me a letter. One day , my teacher tried being nice 

wirj me one day i was upset. i told him i didn't have any ideas

for my drawing and keot being on my phone bc i didn't take pictures 

of my set up i had forgot

i asked if i could go home bc i didn't have my picture so what would 

i work on

this was the first day after the hole police thing , he tells me no i can't leave

and then he tells me make a piece of an ex boyfriend and make it on freedom or what

you have gained from a past relationship and for some reason i got so triggered

i was giving so much attitude and i told him there's no reason of me being here

being a toto bigch when all he's ever seen me like is when i'm nice , i could tell he was 

confused and i dropped it and left. i wonder how much time

it takes until i'll be so where nice and independent. i used to be so excited when i made like 

130 in tips , now it feels like so trash to me and like i'll have to stress

the rest of the week trying to make more.

 i haven't bought clothes for myself since march in spain. This isn't me complaining

i just want to tell you. i hope one day i really can make money and feel like i really

did something and i'm

not constantly feeling like the way i do or like i have to do things to prove to my 

parents i really am not that way. sometimes i get sad that your mom never wanted to meet

me but, maybe i wouldn't have liked to meet me either. 

i have a lot of scars on my legs now . i got a bikini wax for the first time the other day 

i was feeling really sad and crazy made an appoint

ent and was already On my way!. it was around carrollwood that's the first time i stopped in plantation.

it hurt rally bad and was lowkey awkward but wasn't at the same time. it hurt really bad. i want

to go to art school. Idk where maybe ringling ? i found it in sarasota. i think about you all the time.i 

wondered if you saw. hints of yourself in my final for art. yes i know it's ugly. i bought my camera for oh

photography class, i heard my professor is super super mean but i think i'll love it i have to develop all my

own film and make it in the dark room i can't even 

bring m phone in there.

i think about you all the time. you love so strongly and delicately i wish for a moment in my life

i could be like that. you are 

one of a kind only one of you ever.
