## becki,
before i start my letter i want to tell you that i fixed your letter and now you can see it on the website, next time make sure you start your letter with  two hashtags,
because thats how the website is formatted, whatever you have in the line with the hashtags becomes the title for the post. also, i invited you as a collaborater to the file,
just accept the invite, and it shouldnt have to ask me anymore to like accept the changes you made to the file, and you can do it whenever you want. also, last thing,
make sure to add to the website you access it through my profile, you created what i think is a copy in your profile, and the changes arent added. if you see the rest of the posts
, you know youre in the right place. when i read your letter, i started crying. im sorry if after i was just too dry, or i pissed you off or something. i have so much that 
i want to say to you, im not really sure where to even start. reading your letter, i know exactly what you meant by you write crazy, but i think its better phrased
as you write with alot of voice, and your voice is dominated by your emotions, i wouldnt consider it crazy at all. you should really use your emotion in your art, becki. 
art, is a way of expressing yourself. i know that you know, that the greatest painters, and their greatest works, have always been emotive pieces. if you start trying 
to fake your art, you wont be able to connect with your work. van gogh would have never been van gogh without his sadness, the same way dali wouldnt have been dali without gala. 
i feel so bad that the car thing happened to you, that is actually fucking crazy. do you not even have a single idea of who it could have been? that made me so angry when i read that. 
also, i know this brings back some ptsd, but you are technically still eligible for bright futures, which would really help you because if you just make it, community college is completely covered. 
also, i dont know if you havent already, but you should fill out your fafsa for this year, the earlier you fill it out, the more money you get from it. also, i know exactly which school your talking about!
the ringling school. it has a super nice campus, and its right on the beach! but, in my opinion, scad sounds so much better for you. i remember one day i looked more into it, and i was really impressed by how nice it was. i think about you all the time, something which i think ive done a bit of a bad job 
not making it obvious. becki, you're a special girl, i know you are. i wouldnt be doing all of this if i werent. i managed to smuggle a coin from mexico, which i was planning to
send to you in a letter, but i just havent had the time to sit down and write one, ive been studying for exams. my mom, over the summer, believe it or not, drove me crazy about wanting to bring you over to the house. 
i didnt tell her about us for months. you have so many good, redeeming qualities about yourself rebecca. you are strong willed, and head strong. a lot of people couldnt do what youre doing right now, and that is something to be proud of. youre working two jobs, and youre going to school. i've kept everything you have ever given me in a little box under my bed. i always wonder if your mom asks about me, my family asks about you alot, especially my uncle. 
you should enter some sort of design competition or art thing! you could maybe win a prize or something, youre so talented, and plus, its something you can put in like a resume or something and itll look good when you get hired. i see them holding design competitions all the time around here in uf. maybe you could ask your art professor to help you. i cant wait untill i can see like the photos and stuff you take, you have to post those on your art account for me to see. i need to study for a chemistry test i have tommorow, so i have to go. dont forget what i told you, rebecca. you are such an amazing girl, i thought it before, and i still think it now. dont forget that about yourself. 

love, kevin.

ps. please tell me if you got my package i sent you, it was a usps package and inside it was a book i sent you that you would like, i annotated it and everything for you to read. 
also dont forget to send me all those letters and packages, i would love to read them. 

pps. i loved your art final. 
