## dear becki,
first of all, before i say anything, merry christmas!!! maybe by the time you read this, itll already be christmas, or maybe after. i really hope that youre going to spend it good!
i wish i could know what youre doing, or what your family has gotten you for christmas. these past few days, ive really barely even left the house. but, it hasnt been a complete waste of time, i have been learning how to code!
i dont know much, but im getting there. my days are just playing games on my computer, or coding. i cant wait untill school starts so that i can feel like im doing something,
or im being productive, but at the same time, being here at my house feels kind of nice. the other day, i went out with my mom sis and mango to walk the on the causeway at night, and i realized you work close to there now, in your new job.
i really hope youre doing good these holidays becki. i know from what youve told me, that you dont really feel like a connection or a relationship with all of your family members, 
but i really hope youre doing good. if you think no one in your family cares about you or thinks about you, i hope you find comfort in knowing that someone out there does. i dont like 
talking about sad things or being like that in my letters to you anymore, because then i know you dont read them, or you dont send anything back to me, but ill make an exception this time,
since its the holiday season. in my next letter, ill be sure to tell you what i get for christmas. my mom told me today, that during spring break, we might go to either italy,
london, or paris, are the 3 main options. i forgot to tell you! on one of your instagram posts, i forget which one, you posted a pic of your studio in your house and 
i saw some of the stuff youre painting! i think one of them was a repaint of that one painting you made a long time ago, but it looks alot better now. you need to post the one youre making on the big canvas,
so that i can see it. i see that like, you like to use alot of the same colors in alot of your paintings. i might be completely talking out of my ass right now, but its alot of like,
alot of like dark blues, purples, burgundy, i think those are cold colors? i dont know. you need to write me back on this website becki!!! and you have to send me all the stuff you were going to send me. 
you need to send it to my address here, in tampa. if i get it here, ill open a po box in gainesville so that you can send me stuff. but send it to me here first, so that i know the issue is in gainesville. 
i hope you see this before christmas! merry christmas becki!!!! i wont say happy new year, because ill write before that. 

love, kevin fernandez. 
